a lesson many adults have yet to
learn displaced children in Rafa
Southern Gaza crowd together in a
makeshift
classroom we have a right to education
just like all children in the world we
demand our right to education it has
been 81 days since we've been to proper
schools we've had
enough the UN estimates at least 27 five
schools have been destroyed and dozens
more damaged by Israel's bombing
campaign even though under international
law schools are granted special
protection that exempts them from being
targeted during War or conflict the Ones
Still Standing are full of displaced
families the children's teacher DK alimi
has also been forced from his home his
former School
destroyed but he is determined to
nurture these young
minds since the war started our children
are upset their faces are pale they're
sad about the damage the destruction and
the pain that they see we thought we'd
cheer them up and create a better
atmosphere so we started with gains and
when we suggested classes in the tents
they liked the idea and then they
developed a passion for
it the school year has been suspended in
Gaza as Israeli attacks and repeated
Force displacement make formal education
all but impossible for these Palestinian
Children camil nedel Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer